This classmate
Our game is over here
Sorry teacher
I'm late.
Can you give me another chance?
The most important thing in a game is to be punctual
Now our game is over.
You have a chance.
Teacher, I beg you.
This game is really important to me
My dream since I was a child was to be a soldier singer
If you can't participate in this competition
I'm about to be kicked out of school
Can you give me another chance?
This really is my last chance.
Those who came to the competition today
Everyone has a dream
Now that you know how important this game is
Why are you still late?
Make yourself like this
Exactly.
It means you don't take this game seriously at all
It is a melody that has been written in life
I remember it clearly.
Hurry up and find Shengsheng